Be careful with that butter knife.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
I suddenly felt a sharp pain in my chest.
Do you live in this neighborhood?
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Her eyes expressed her true feelings.
Mary plays the piano.
This toothpaste is strawberry-flavored.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
Although they are twins, their personalities are totally different.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
This machine seems to be broken.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
Love is not like pizza.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
Two seats were vacant.
As the snow melted, the roads became very slippery.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
He was lying on the bed reading a book.
Can I get you something to drink?
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
They offer various services.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.